# ONLINE-EXAMINATION
Exam Software is a Test Management Software, which offers a complete solution for Computer Based Test (CBT) .They are used to set up multiple choice tests for set time periods that when submitted are automatically  corrected and the results logged beside the student's reference number. The purpose of on-line test simulator is to take online test in an efficient manner and no time wasting for checking the paper. The main objective of on-line test  is to efficiently evaluate the candidate thoroughly through a fully automated system that notonly saves lot of time but also gives fast results. For students they give papers according to their convenience andtime and there is no need of using extra thing like paper, pen etc.  Banks have traditionally been in the forefront of harnessing technology to improve and services. The delivery channels include direct dial – up connections their products, services and efficiency. They have, over a long time, been using electronic and telecommunication networks for delivering a wide range of value added products, private networks, public networks etc and the devices include telephone, Personal Computers including the Automated Teller Machines, etc. With the popularity of PCs, easy access to Internet and World Wide Web (WWW), Internet is increasingly used by banks as a channel for receiving instructions and delivering their products and services to their customers. This form of banking is generally referred to as Internet Banking, although the range of products and services offered by different banks vary widely both in their content and sophistication.
